PRESONUS STUDIO ONE END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

1. We grant you one license to install and use this software on a
single computer at a time. If you do not agree to the following terms
of this license, please uninstall and remove all copies and return the
product to the place that you purchased it from within 30 days of your
purchase for a full refund.

2. You may install and use the software on another computer, but the
software may not be in use on more than one computer at a time unless
you purchase additional licenses. You may make back-up copies of the
software for archival purposes. You may permanently transfer your
license to use the software to another party who will be bound by this
agreement, provided you do not retain any copies of the software.

3. The software is protected by the copyright laws of the U.S. and
other countries, and we retain all intellectual property rights in the
software. You may not separately publish, sell, market, distribute,
lend, lease, rent, or sublicense the software code. However, this
license is not to be construed as prohibiting or limiting any fair use
sanctioned by copyright law, such as permitted library and classroom
usage.

LIMITED WARRANTY

4. We warrant that the software will provide the features and
functions generally described in the product specification on our
website when you purchased it and in the product documentation. Media
on which the Software is furnished, if any, will be free from defects
in materials and workmanship.

5. We have taken all reasonable steps to keep the software free of
viruses, spyware, "back door" entrances, or any other harmful code. We
will not track or collect any information about you, your data, or
your use of the software except as you specifically authorize. The
software will not download or install patches, upgrades, or any third
party software without getting your permission. We will not
intentionally deprive you of your ability to use any features of the
software or access to your data.

6. We do not warrant that the software or your ability to use it will be uninterrupted or error-free. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we disclaim any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY

7. Your exclusive remedy under the above limited warranty shall be, at our option, either a full refund of the purchase price or correction of the defective software or media. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we disclaim all liability for indirect or consequential damages that arise under this license agreement.

GENERAL PROVISIONS

8. If any part of this agreement is found to be invalid or
unenforceable, the remaining terms will stay in effect. This agreement
does not prejudice the statutory rights of any party dealing as a
consumer.

9. This agreement will be governed by the laws of Louisiana without regard to its choice of and conflict of laws provisions.

10. This agreement does not supersede any express warranties we made to you. Any modification to this agreement must be agreed to in writing by both parties.

11.  You agree that any dispute relating to or arising out of this license shall only be heard by the courts of Louisiana.
